todo.md, before:

##### Thursday 20 February 2020 JST
Practice speech
go talk about TJ Bike flat tire
go to Toshiba
go to BP
practice speech
##### Wednesday 19 February 2020 JST
wake up early
Shukoh
Buy red A4 notebooks for JB
Buy receipt book for eye gazing
Buy phone holder for camera tripod
Go to net cafe to sleep
work on AB, create tests for units prev/next
JB School
Practice presentation
Become the hero you've been waiting for
Buy chocolate for Lin
Add questions to presentation
How many were told not to cry?
How did that make you feel?
Add MT3 images to todo below

##### Tuesday 18 February 2020 JST
meditation
Post barefoot event on Street Academy  https://www.street-academy.com/myclass/77169
裸足で新宿を歩こう！
都会を裸足で歩いてみると、いろいろな発見があります。一緒に見て、感じて、楽しみましょう。散歩が主体なので、英語は中学生レベルでも大丈夫です！

＜What is walking meditation?＞
Walking meditation is a simple way to improve awareness.

Connect with yourself. Connect with nature.

Anyone can do it. Let's enjoy walking slowly.

＜What to Expect＞
* We will find a nice place to relax and connect with nature.
* I will guide us in meditation, including walking meditation.
* Feel free to be barefoot; whatever makes you comfortable.
* We will go to a foot bath cafe after the park.
http://donyoku.dosl2018.net/237 (790 yen + drink)

＜Shinjuku Gyoen＞
Covering 144 acres, Shinjuku Gyoen blends three distinct styles, Formal Garden, Landscape Garden, and Japanese Traditional Garden. (ticket included)
Shinjuku Gyoen https://www.env.go.jp/garden/shinjukugyoen/english/

＜Your guide＞
Rob Nugen has been walking barefoot a total of 17 years
As seen on Japanese TV https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vvs3sKYYh5k
Rob teaches emotional clarity.
Soness online prep for Friday speech
MT3
write MT3 meta data in Youtube or on marbletrack3.com

Do something Bold for BLB
Post possible dates for ShadowWork with men for Doodle
Invite Sach, Hiro, to ShadowWork

MKP Japan
Invite a man to king in March
##### Monday 17 February 2020 JST
Livestream MT3
Study Japanese at Monday group
Study Japanese with Manami
Get new bank book
Go to Shinjuku Park (closed Mondays)
Go to foot bath place
Make reservation at foot bath place for March 7th (4 people)
Buy art supplies (tracing paper and frame)
Go to no lights no lycra
write journal entries
Schedule first and second Japanese Folk House tour on AirBnB (金 13, 20 March)
Write ShadowWork practice invitation
Ask Mark and Deneys for feedback on ShadowWork invite
##### Sunday 16 February 2020 JST
SOGO -cancelled due to rain-
Go to Shinjuku Park -cancelled due to SOGO cancelled-
Go to foot bath place -cancelled due to cancellations-
Work on AB + phan/phan
watch 3 episodes of Southpark
eat with Lin
Work on AB + phan/phan
talk to Deneys
chat with Thanuja
Guide Lin to inner child healing (Freedom)
##### Saturday 15 February 2020 JST
print speech for 21 February WEI seminar
Yuna lesson
meditation
pack speech
pack wooden board
pack computer
pack Bold Life worksheet
mark up speech edits
Go to dog farm with Lin (5 hours inc driving)
write a few pages of Bold Life worksheet
write on Bold FB page
write Barefoot thing in street-academy.com
##### Friday 14 February 2020 JST
meditation
Do first step or write to Adam G re Bold Life Mastery
Josey Japanese lesson 10am
Soness speech prep  11am
Watch Southpark * 1
Manami Japanese lesson 13:30pm
Watch Southpark * 2
Sleep too dang long  https://www.robnugen.com/journal/2020/02/14/lazier-day-than-expected/
Post scans of 30 A4s
https://b.robnugen.com/art/drawing/2020/ink_baste/front/feb_13/2020_feb_13_ink_baste_01.jpg
https://b.robnugen.com/art/drawing/2020/ink_baste/front/feb_13/2020_feb_13_ink_baste_02.jpg
https://b.robnugen.com/art/drawing/2020/ink_baste/front/feb_13/2020_feb_13_ink_baste_03.jpg
https://b.robnugen.com/art/drawing/2020/ink_baste/front/feb_13/2020_feb_13_ink_baste_04.jpg
https://b.robnugen.com/art/drawing/2020/ink_baste/front/feb_13/2020_feb_13_ink_baste_05.jpg
https://b.robnugen.com/art/drawing/2020/ink_baste/front/feb_13/2020_feb_13_ink_baste_06.jpg
https://b.robnugen.com/art/drawing/2020/ink_baste/front/feb_13/2020_feb_13_ink_baste_07.jpg
https://b.robnugen.com/art/drawing/2020/ink_baste/front/feb_13/2020_feb_13_ink_baste_08.jpg
https://b.robnugen.com/art/drawing/2020/ink_baste/front/feb_13/2020_feb_13_ink_baste_09.jpg
https://b.robnugen.com/art/drawing/2020/ink_baste/front/feb_13/2020_feb_13_ink_baste_10.jpg
https://b.robnugen.com/art/drawing/2020/ink_baste/front/feb_13/2020_feb_13_ink_baste_11.jpg
https://b.robnugen.com/art/drawing/2020/ink_baste/front/feb_13/2020_feb_13_ink_baste_12.jpg
https://b.robnugen.com/art/drawing/2020/ink_baste/front/feb_13/2020_feb_13_ink_baste_13.jpg
https://b.robnugen.com/art/drawing/2020/ink_baste/front/feb_13/2020_feb_13_ink_baste_14.jpg
https://b.robnugen.com/art/drawing/2020/ink_baste/front/feb_13/2020_feb_13_ink_baste_15.jpg
https://b.robnugen.com/art/drawing/2020/ink_baste/front/feb_13/2020_feb_13_ink_baste_16.jpg
https://b.robnugen.com/art/drawing/2020/ink_baste/front/feb_13/2020_feb_13_ink_baste_17.jpg
https://b.robnugen.com/art/drawing/2020/ink_baste/front/feb_13/2020_feb_13_ink_baste_18.jpg
https://b.robnugen.com/art/drawing/2020/ink_baste/front/feb_13/2020_feb_13_ink_baste_19.jpg
https://b.robnugen.com/art/drawing/2020/ink_baste/front/feb_13/2020_feb_13_ink_baste_20.jpg
https://b.robnugen.com/art/drawing/2020/ink_baste/front/feb_13/2020_feb_13_ink_baste_21.jpg
https://b.robnugen.com/art/drawing/2020/ink_baste/front/feb_13/2020_feb_13_ink_baste_22.jpg
https://b.robnugen.com/art/drawing/2020/ink_baste/front/feb_13/2020_feb_13_ink_baste_23.jpg
https://b.robnugen.com/art/drawing/2020/ink_baste/front/feb_13/2020_feb_13_ink_baste_24.jpg
https://b.robnugen.com/art/drawing/2020/ink_baste/front/feb_13/2020_feb_13_ink_baste_25.jpg
https://b.robnugen.com/art/drawing/2020/ink_baste/front/feb_13/2020_feb_13_ink_baste_26.jpg
https://b.robnugen.com/art/drawing/2020/ink_baste/front/feb_13/2020_feb_13_ink_baste_27.jpg
https://b.robnugen.com/art/drawing/2020/ink_baste/front/feb_13/2020_feb_13_ink_baste_28.jpg
https://b.robnugen.com/art/drawing/2020/ink_baste/front/feb_13/2020_feb_13_ink_baste_29.jpg
https://b.robnugen.com/art/drawing/2020/ink_baste/front/feb_13/2020_feb_13_ink_baste_30.jpg
chat with Thanuja a bit
Make sure Sanae can come to eye gazig workshop on 23 Feb https://b.robnugen.com/journal/2020/2020_02_14_make_sure_sanae_can_join.png
(Start to) Post Barefoot thing in street-academy.com
Eat light dinner and chocolate with Lin happy Valentine's Day
write first exercise of Bold Life worksheet
write second exercise of Bold Life worksheet
write third exercise of Bold Life worksheet
##### Thursday 13 February 2020 JST
meditation
Adam Gilad first 1-on-1 7am - 8am
print BrainPad homework
bring red pen
bring Akiko's Gummy Race
scan 30 A4 (see links on 14 Feb)
check in + 2nd round on MKP CyberKnights
go to Kawasaki 11:30 - 1pm
mark corrections on BrainPad homework page
lunch with Hiro 1-2pm
go teach at Toshiba 2:30 - 4:30
go listen to Eriko teach at BrainPad (2/2 Eriko teaching) (10/12 overall)
Meet Akiko for language exchange
Give Gummy Race to Akiko
go home
##### Wednesday 12 February 2020 JST
pack Shukoh text
Reserve MKP room
pack computer
leave home at 6am
Update my sample site with Erik suggestions
Shukoh lesson 8-9am
buy breakfast
Eat food at DiCE
[-] Syncthing on wanb.us
[-] Synch Todo to phone
sleep and work on AB
ask for support to reboot Wanbus (urbit and minecraft server)
Post YAM 2 to FB
paste receipts in 2020 book
write past event dates in todo.md
Dora 2pm - 3pm
JB 3:30pm - 9pm
Log 1 hour AB fixing NORMAL errors, esp constants
put Post Bank card away
##### Tuesday 11 February 2020 JST
remember this list
cuddle with Babychan (national holiday)
take out trash
print JB PDF
eat breakfast
push master to AB live
fix JB PDF and scan
Add README and LICENSE to repo
Push to Github
send fixed JB PDF to Eriko
Email Fred https://github.com/thunderrabbit/PDF-getter/issues/1
print King review protocol
MT3 livestream
make el lifty lever guider
glue shoes on Reversible Guy
watch Southpark
watch Magic for Humans
MT3 livestream 2
get el Lifty Lever on its pin
get Caret Splitter Rudder nearly in its slot
Squarehead grab Pinky's Decorative Wall
meditate
Go see Truly
MKP circle
##### Monday 10 February 2020 JST
meditate
eat breakfast with Lin
Japanese class Monday
eat lunch at home
Japanese class Manami
Make this list https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=22276184
twice monthly talk with Robert Golden
work on AB; finished SEVERITY_CRITICAL errors on ABB
watch Indiana Jones and Temple of Doom #movie with Lin
talk to group about Monday circle vs Bold Men circle
talk to Erik about website
##### Saturday 8 February 2020 JST
Your Art Matters #1
##### Friday 7 February 2020 JST
hear Adam's Brass Balls Tender Heart presentation
PB with Ayse
##### Saturday 1 February 2020 JST
barefoot walkshop and foot bath with Anuj
Werewolf event in Japanese
##### Saturday 25 January 2020 JST
English coffee workshop with Yuna
##### Monday 20 January 2020 JST
Meet Joanna Arai
##### Saturday 18 January 2020 JST
Meet Lughn with Lin talk about eye gazing
##### Monday 13 January 2020 JST
Practice leading tour to Japanese Folk House Museum
##### Saturday 11 January 2020 JST
barefoot walkshop
talk to Shinobu
decide to do Your Art Matters

Commit message:

Add yesterday and today after most of the facts
but before working on AB or watching movie

todo.md, after:

##### Sunday 23 February 2020 JST
Cancel Tsutaya contract
##### Saturday 22 February 2020 JST
Yuna lesson (past life memories)
Mohamed session on LINE
Receive testimonial from Mohamed
    i consider rob as my brother. It took me sometime to fully trust him
    not gonna lie. the camping trip was when i realized that i could trust
    this man with my life. Talking to him about issues is difficult in a
    sense that it makes me see parts in myself that i dont necessarily
    want to see. I like that I can talk to him about everything. He doesnt
    seem judgemental at all and when he's judging, he expresses it which i
    like. I feel he is really transparent and is "out there". like hey
    world this is me with all of me
Nap
smooch Lin
Work on AB
Dinner and movie (Kill Bill on DVD)

##### Friday 21 February 2020 JST
Practice speech alone
Practice speech with Soness
Practice speech alone
Go do speech
Meet cool peeps
Eat dinner with Freya and two others
##### Thursday 20 February 2020 JST
Practice speech
go talk about TJ Bike flat tire
go to Toshiba
go to BP
practice speech
##### Wednesday 19 February 2020 JST
wake up early
Shukoh
Buy red A4 notebooks for JB
Buy receipt book for eye gazing
Buy phone holder for camera tripod
Go to net cafe to sleep
work on AB, create tests for units prev/next
JB School
Practice presentation
Become the hero you've been waiting for
Buy chocolate for Lin
Add questions to presentation
How many were told not to cry?
How did that make you feel?
Add MT3 images to todo below

##### Tuesday 18 February 2020 JST
meditation
Post barefoot event on Street Academy  https://www.street-academy.com/myclass/77169
裸足で新宿を歩こう！
都会を裸足で歩いてみると、いろいろな発見があります。一緒に見て、感じて、楽しみましょう。散歩が主体なので、英語は中学生レベルでも大丈夫です！

＜What is walking meditation?＞
Walking meditation is a simple way to improve awareness.

Connect with yourself. Connect with nature.

Anyone can do it. Let's enjoy walking slowly.

＜What to Expect＞
* We will find a nice place to relax and connect with nature.
* I will guide us in meditation, including walking meditation.
* Feel free to be barefoot; whatever makes you comfortable.
* We will go to a foot bath cafe after the park.
http://donyoku.dosl2018.net/237 (790 yen + drink)

＜Shinjuku Gyoen＞
Covering 144 acres, Shinjuku Gyoen blends three distinct styles, Formal Garden, Landscape Garden, and Japanese Traditional Garden. (ticket included)
Shinjuku Gyoen https://www.env.go.jp/garden/shinjukugyoen/english/

＜Your guide＞
Rob Nugen has been walking barefoot a total of 17 years
As seen on Japanese TV https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vvs3sKYYh5k
Rob teaches emotional clarity.
Soness online prep for Friday speech
MT3
write MT3 meta data in Youtube or on marbletrack3.com

Do something Bold for BLB
Post possible dates for ShadowWork with men for Doodle
Invite Sach, Hiro, to ShadowWork

MKP Japan
Invite a man to king in March
##### Monday 17 February 2020 JST
Livestream MT3
Study Japanese at Monday group
Study Japanese with Manami
Get new bank book
Go to Shinjuku Park (closed Mondays)
Go to foot bath place
Make reservation at foot bath place for March 7th (4 people)
Buy art supplies (tracing paper and frame)
Go to no lights no lycra
write journal entries
Schedule first and second Japanese Folk House tour on AirBnB (金 13, 20 March)
Write ShadowWork practice invitation
Ask Mark and Deneys for feedback on ShadowWork invite
##### Sunday 16 February 2020 JST
SOGO -cancelled due to rain-
Go to Shinjuku Park -cancelled due to SOGO cancelled-
Go to foot bath place -cancelled due to cancellations-
Work on AB + phan/phan
watch 3 episodes of Southpark
eat with Lin
Work on AB + phan/phan
talk to Deneys
chat with Thanuja
Guide Lin to inner child healing (Freedom)
##### Saturday 15 February 2020 JST
print speech for 21 February WEI seminar
Yuna lesson
meditation
pack speech
pack wooden board
pack computer
pack Bold Life worksheet
mark up speech edits
Go to dog farm with Lin (5 hours inc driving)
write a few pages of Bold Life worksheet
write on Bold FB page
write Barefoot thing in street-academy.com
##### Friday 14 February 2020 JST
meditation
Do first step or write to Adam G re Bold Life Mastery
Josey Japanese lesson 10am
Soness speech prep  11am
Watch Southpark * 1
Manami Japanese lesson 13:30pm
Watch Southpark * 2
Sleep too dang long  https://www.robnugen.com/journal/2020/02/14/lazier-day-than-expected/
Post scans of 30 A4s
https://b.robnugen.com/art/drawing/2020/ink_baste/front/feb_13/2020_feb_13_ink_baste_01.jpg
https://b.robnugen.com/art/drawing/2020/ink_baste/front/feb_13/2020_feb_13_ink_baste_02.jpg
https://b.robnugen.com/art/drawing/2020/ink_baste/front/feb_13/2020_feb_13_ink_baste_03.jpg
https://b.robnugen.com/art/drawing/2020/ink_baste/front/feb_13/2020_feb_13_ink_baste_04.jpg
https://b.robnugen.com/art/drawing/2020/ink_baste/front/feb_13/2020_feb_13_ink_baste_05.jpg
https://b.robnugen.com/art/drawing/2020/ink_baste/front/feb_13/2020_feb_13_ink_baste_06.jpg
https://b.robnugen.com/art/drawing/2020/ink_baste/front/feb_13/2020_feb_13_ink_baste_07.jpg
https://b.robnugen.com/art/drawing/2020/ink_baste/front/feb_13/2020_feb_13_ink_baste_08.jpg
https://b.robnugen.com/art/drawing/2020/ink_baste/front/feb_13/2020_feb_13_ink_baste_09.jpg
https://b.robnugen.com/art/drawing/2020/ink_baste/front/feb_13/2020_feb_13_ink_baste_10.jpg
https://b.robnugen.com/art/drawing/2020/ink_baste/front/feb_13/2020_feb_13_ink_baste_11.jpg
https://b.robnugen.com/art/drawing/2020/ink_baste/front/feb_13/2020_feb_13_ink_baste_12.jpg
https://b.robnugen.com/art/drawing/2020/ink_baste/front/feb_13/2020_feb_13_ink_baste_13.jpg
https://b.robnugen.com/art/drawing/2020/ink_baste/front/feb_13/2020_feb_13_ink_baste_14.jpg
https://b.robnugen.com/art/drawing/2020/ink_baste/front/feb_13/2020_feb_13_ink_baste_15.jpg
https://b.robnugen.com/art/drawing/2020/ink_baste/front/feb_13/2020_feb_13_ink_baste_16.jpg
https://b.robnugen.com/art/drawing/2020/ink_baste/front/feb_13/2020_feb_13_ink_baste_17.jpg
https://b.robnugen.com/art/drawing/2020/ink_baste/front/feb_13/2020_feb_13_ink_baste_18.jpg
https://b.robnugen.com/art/drawing/2020/ink_baste/front/feb_13/2020_feb_13_ink_baste_19.jpg
https://b.robnugen.com/art/drawing/2020/ink_baste/front/feb_13/2020_feb_13_ink_baste_20.jpg
https://b.robnugen.com/art/drawing/2020/ink_baste/front/feb_13/2020_feb_13_ink_baste_21.jpg
https://b.robnugen.com/art/drawing/2020/ink_baste/front/feb_13/2020_feb_13_ink_baste_22.jpg
https://b.robnugen.com/art/drawing/2020/ink_baste/front/feb_13/2020_feb_13_ink_baste_23.jpg
https://b.robnugen.com/art/drawing/2020/ink_baste/front/feb_13/2020_feb_13_ink_baste_24.jpg
https://b.robnugen.com/art/drawing/2020/ink_baste/front/feb_13/2020_feb_13_ink_baste_25.jpg
https://b.robnugen.com/art/drawing/2020/ink_baste/front/feb_13/2020_feb_13_ink_baste_26.jpg
https://b.robnugen.com/art/drawing/2020/ink_baste/front/feb_13/2020_feb_13_ink_baste_27.jpg
https://b.robnugen.com/art/drawing/2020/ink_baste/front/feb_13/2020_feb_13_ink_baste_28.jpg
https://b.robnugen.com/art/drawing/2020/ink_baste/front/feb_13/2020_feb_13_ink_baste_29.jpg
https://b.robnugen.com/art/drawing/2020/ink_baste/front/feb_13/2020_feb_13_ink_baste_30.jpg
chat with Thanuja a bit
Make sure Sanae can come to eye gazig workshop on 23 Feb https://b.robnugen.com/journal/2020/2020_02_14_make_sure_sanae_can_join.png
(Start to) Post Barefoot thing in street-academy.com
Eat light dinner and chocolate with Lin happy Valentine's Day
write first exercise of Bold Life worksheet
write second exercise of Bold Life worksheet
write third exercise of Bold Life worksheet
##### Thursday 13 February 2020 JST
meditation
Adam Gilad first 1-on-1 7am - 8am
print BrainPad homework
bring red pen
bring Akiko's Gummy Race
scan 30 A4 (see links on 14 Feb)
check in + 2nd round on MKP CyberKnights
go to Kawasaki 11:30 - 1pm
mark corrections on BrainPad homework page
lunch with Hiro 1-2pm
go teach at Toshiba 2:30 - 4:30
go listen to Eriko teach at BrainPad (2/2 Eriko teaching) (10/12 overall)
Meet Akiko for language exchange
Give Gummy Race to Akiko
go home
##### Wednesday 12 February 2020 JST
pack Shukoh text
Reserve MKP room
pack computer
leave home at 6am
Update my sample site with Erik suggestions
Shukoh lesson 8-9am
buy breakfast
Eat food at DiCE
[-] Syncthing on wanb.us
[-] Synch Todo to phone
sleep and work on AB
ask for support to reboot Wanbus (urbit and minecraft server)
Post YAM 2 to FB
paste receipts in 2020 book
write past event dates in todo.md
Dora 2pm - 3pm
JB 3:30pm - 9pm
Log 1 hour AB fixing NORMAL errors, esp constants
put Post Bank card away
##### Tuesday 11 February 2020 JST
remember this list
cuddle with Babychan (national holiday)
take out trash
print JB PDF
eat breakfast
push master to AB live
fix JB PDF and scan
Add README and LICENSE to repo
Push to Github
send fixed JB PDF to Eriko
Email Fred https://github.com/thunderrabbit/PDF-getter/issues/1
print King review protocol
MT3 livestream
make el lifty lever guider
glue shoes on Reversible Guy
watch Southpark
watch Magic for Humans
MT3 livestream 2
get el Lifty Lever on its pin
get Caret Splitter Rudder nearly in its slot
Squarehead grab Pinky's Decorative Wall
meditate
Go see Truly
MKP circle
##### Monday 10 February 2020 JST
meditate
eat breakfast with Lin
Japanese class Monday
eat lunch at home
Japanese class Manami
Make this list https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=22276184
twice monthly talk with Robert Golden
work on AB; finished SEVERITY_CRITICAL errors on ABB
watch Indiana Jones and Temple of Doom #movie with Lin
talk to group about Monday circle vs Bold Men circle
talk to Erik about website
##### Saturday 8 February 2020 JST
Your Art Matters #1
##### Friday 7 February 2020 JST
hear Adam's Brass Balls Tender Heart presentation
PB with Ayse
##### Saturday 1 February 2020 JST
barefoot walkshop and foot bath with Anuj
Werewolf event in Japanese
##### Saturday 25 January 2020 JST
English coffee workshop with Yuna
##### Monday 20 January 2020 JST
Meet Joanna Arai
##### Saturday 18 January 2020 JST
Meet Lughn with Lin talk about eye gazing
##### Monday 13 January 2020 JST
Practice leading tour to Japanese Folk House Museum
##### Saturday 11 January 2020 JST
barefoot walkshop
talk to Shinobu
decide to do Your Art Matters
